Ben Tully刚刚从学术界里面出来. He comes out because he seems himself to be distanced 
from directly doing science (the school put him to do management-related roles 
instead). USC does not give him the job he likes, and does not pay him well compared 
to the industry. He found his current job at TinyHealth through Twitter (first they 
rejected him, but 2-months (?) later they reached out and took him for another opening).

1. Small companies and start up might not have immediately available hiring position, 
but it is good to send them emails beforehand, and tell them that you are interested.
The message needs to be personalized to that company and their product. Upon emailing
them, they might put you on a "list-to-contact-when-we-need-people". Thus, when they 
need people in the future, they will find you.

2. Linkedin and Twitter are 2 ways to find jobs. Twitter is more often used for small
companies or startups (they rarely put opening through Linkedin), but following the
right person -- the people who might hire you, or know someone that can hire you, is 
very important.

3. Job application has a high miss rate, but the emails you send still needs to be 
specific to a company. It is a balance between r and k strategists in the ecosystem.

4. Boston and Bay Aera are 2 traditional hubs for biomedical startups. San Diego, 
Texa (some city), New York, Chicago, LA are on the rise.

5. To get a job in the industry, one needs to more skills/qualifiers ready-to-go on 
his/her profolio, but for academia, you acquire more skills on the fly.

6. In the industry, people have different prefessions (sales, management, financial, 
development, production, etc.). In addition, everyone is on the same level (not like 
prof and students). Thus, a Bioinformatician in a company is only able to focus on 
his own area -- it is unlikely that he will have good knowledge on other areas. Some
of your colleague might not have a fundamental understanding of molecular biology. 
This is very different from being a PI (where you are the boss, like a small business
owner).
